Compilers free programming course pt br (#8502)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-pt_BR.md

* [Curso de C++ - A linguagem de programação fundamental para quem quer ser um programador](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLx4x_zx8csUjczg1qPHavU1vw1IkBcm40) - Canal Fessor Bruno (CFBCursos)

### Compiladores

> * [Fundamentos de Compiladores](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9-1FzPYzEfA-QTycUARDqIjakp_NJxe5) - Fábio Mendes (YouTube)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Compiladores](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9-1FzPYzEfA-QTycUARDqIjakp_NJxe5) - Fábio Mendes
Don't invent titles! Use the title given by the resource.
```
